Intro to Backend Development/readme.md, before:

# Introduction to Backend

## Module 1 Learnings:
- Mutiple devices are connected through network switch(NS), interconnection of multiple NS is called INTERNET
- Webservers handle requests and are comprised of software and hardware components 
![Image](images\image.png)
- Website>Webpages --> A website is composed of several webpages(collection of images, text, other resources)

![Image](images\image2.png)

## Internet Protocols:
- IPv4 & IPv6 
- IP Packet: IP header and IP Data
- So get data in order, IP payload has to follow protocol TCP and there's another i.e UDP

- What is HTTP: Hyper Text TP, it helps the browser to fetch information like websites/webpages,etc from the webservers 
![Image](images\image3.png)





















## Features
- Feature 1
- Feature 2
- Feature 3

## Installation
1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/your-repo-name.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd your-repo-name
    ```
3. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```




## Contributing
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

Diff b/w website, webpages and web-app

Intro to Backend Development/readme.md, after:

# Introduction to Backend

## Module 1 Learnings:
- Mutiple devices are connected through network switch(NS), interconnection of multiple NS is called INTERNET
- Webservers handle requests and are comprised of software and hardware components 
![Image](images\image.png)
- Website>Webpages --> A website is composed of several webpages(collection of images, text, other resources)

![Image](images\image2.png)

## Internet Protocols:
- IPv4 & IPv6 
- IP Packet: IP header and IP Data
- So get data in order, IP payload has to follow protocol TCP and there's another i.e UDP

- What is HTTP: Hyper Text TP, it helps the browser to exchange information like websites/webpages,etc from the webservers 
![Image](images\image3.png)

- HTTPS --> S is for encryption, we save things safely

## What are Webpages, Websites and WebApplications? 

- A Webpage may be a page build with Html,css and js and shows some information and content
- A Website may have several Webpages
- WebApplications are more interaction based they show dynamic content and is more personalized on the other hand the websites are more of informative and less in interactivity and dynamic content. 




















## Features
- Feature 1
- Feature 2
- Feature 3

## Installation
1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/your-repo-name.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd your-repo-name
    ```
3. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```




## Contributing
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`)
5. Create a new Pull Request
